Zechariah 8 verse 23 highlights the unification of true worshipers during the time of the
end.
How does Jehovah feel about this unity between the anointed remnant and the great crowd?
How do our anointed brothers feel about this relationship?
How important is it that Jehovah has used the anointed servants of his as a magnet to draw
people to him?
And why has he done this?
To answer those questions, let's open our Bibles to Isaiah chapter 60.
Isaiah chapter 60 will help us understand the answers to these questions.
Isaiah 60, let's begin.
Verse 1, arise, O woman, arise, O woman, shed light for your light has come.
The glory of Jehovah shines on you.
In the modern day fulfillment, the heavenly woman is represented on earth by the anointed
remnant.
What's their role?
Well, Jehovah says, the glory of Jehovah shines on you.
What a unique responsibility and privilege Jehovah is using the anointed remnant as a source
of enlightenment.
And since the pivotal year of 1919, think deeply about what Jehovah is accomplishing by
means of spiritual Israel.
What has he been doing?
Well, let's read verse 3.
Nations will go to your light and kings to your shining splendor and come the nations,
the nations did come.
Think about individuals all over the planet that have been attracted to the truth.
They've been attracted to the truth because the anointed remnant has helped them to understand
the issues such as and doctrine such as the Messianic Kingdom, the issue of sovereignty,
the ransom, God's name.
All over the planet, nations come and are attracted to the truth.
To this day, we have some 8 million servants of Jehovah's living proof, but 8 million servants
of Jehovah, that's not just that's not all.
What about all of those that have died as baptized witnesses during the last days?
Tens of thousands of lovers of Jehovah, add that to the math of the 8 million.
And it's not just 8 million people that are standing around, bringing in their old personalities
into the truth.
Think about the changes people have made, exercising a love and the fruitage of the Spirit, putting
on the new personality, understanding Jehovah, gaining knowledge, faith, dedication,
baptism.
This is something that Jehovah has helped all of us to do.
And these are facts.
This is concrete evidence, evidence, facts, not something in our imagination that represents
lovers of God who declared, I am on Jehovah's side.
I want to go with the spiritual Jew.
Where is that role?
But how do the anointed feel about this relationship, this precious relationship with the great crowd?
Well, let's read verse 5.
At that time, you, the anointed, will see and become radiant, and your heart will throb
and overflow.
They get excited.
Why?
Because of the wealth of the sea will be directed to you.
The resources of the nations will come to you.
Think about that.
People coming out of the sea of mankind in order to worship and association with the anointed,
they are anointed brothers.
The hearts of the anointed brothers, the royal priesthood throb and get excited because
of what they see.
What do they witness?
They witness the educational work that they are promoting, having fruitage, having results.
They see that their labor is real and their hearts throb.
How does Jehovah feel about this relationship?
Well, let's read verse 7.
And the flocks of Kedar will be gathered to you.
The rams of Nibbayoth will serve you.
Now these animals represent sacrifices, of course, that would be put on an altar.
And then they will come on my altar, that's Jehovah's altar, with approval.
And I will beautify my glorious house.
Think about that.
Think about all of the sacrifices that the great crowd are making.
And they're putting on Jehovah's altar, Jehovah's altar, and he accepts that.
He loves that.
The sacrifice is the great crowd makes to praise Jehovah God.
They devote their time, a sacrifice, their energy, their skills to promote pure worship.
They put their personal desires in a secondary position so that they can put forward the
interest of God's kingdom.
And there's zeal for true worship.
What does it do according to verse 7?
It says it beautifies Jehovah's house.
It beautifies the great spiritual temple that Jehovah's using today.
Certainly, the sacrifices that we are making here at Bethel meet with Jehovah's approval.
We know that because we witness him blessing, blessing our efforts, our work, and answering
our specific prayers.
What a privilege we have to have Jehovah's approval is the most precious thing in life.
And here we are a part of this prophecy experiencing this personally.
However, not everyone feels this way.
Not everyone is rejoicing and their hearts are throbbing and we're gaining their acceptance
in approval, no.
And now we want to go to verse 14.
And really think about verse 14, what is involved?
What is Jehovah doing?
Verse 14, let's see the big picture.
The sons of those who oppressed you, they're not rejoicing, there's oppression.
They'll bow down before you.
All those treating you disrespectfully must bow down at your feet.
So there's going to be individuals that disrespect and oppose the anointed, they'll press them.
But why?
Think about what Jehovah's creating by means of his royal priesthood.
As they fulfill their primary obligation to preach the good news of the kingdom earthwide
for a witness to all the nations, the nations, Jehovah's putting his anointed servants on
the world stage for all to see.
And by means of them, by means of them, Jehovah's giving people an opportunity to argue, argue
in a universal court case.
The most crucial case ever to be argued, whether to accept or reject Jehovah's rulership.
To examine the facts of the case, concentration camps, bans, vicious persecution, unjust
imprisonments, death sentences, cannot snuff out true worship.
To the contrary, the ten men, they still hold on to the robe of a Jew, they're not going
to let that robe go.
Why?
Because they don't view themselves as innocent victims of oppressive men.
They stand for the truth, and they know the truth is linked to the loftier understanding
of Jehovah's universal sovereignty.
This understanding makes them strong under extreme circumstances, such as we read about
on our website.
But let's go back to verse 14, because it says there that these oppressive individuals
and those who treat the anointed disrespectfully will bow down at the feet.
They'll bow down in respect now.
Has that happened?
Yes.
Some opposes bow down in respect as they acknowledge the superior way of life that God's blessing
brings to His people.
In Tanzania during a time of persecution, one prison guard put it this way, in Malawi,
they wasted their efforts, persecuting and killing these people, likewise here, they
will never compromise, they just increase.
In Tajikistan, one prison official said recently about brother Nadoff, I admire his conduct,
firmness, courage and fortitude due to, and due to our uncompromising stand, this is the
type of comments we get from some opposes, albeit unwillingly, but they're compelled to
acknowledge what we do.
Assampling of why Jehovah is so proud of the spiritual Jew and of the ten men.
Thus verse 20, Jehovah says, No more will your sun set, nor will your moon wane, for
Jehovah will become for you an eternal light, an eternal light.
And for more than 100 years, spiritual Israel has been enjoying Jehovah's favor and the
light continues to shine on them, and it will not stop.
Our God will become, what does it say, an eternal light, the sun won't set, the moon won't
wane, no, rather, Jehovah will continue to shed light upon His loyal servants and fulfill
every promise throughout eternity.
And for this all of us declare, hallelujah.